[docs] Event Hub for Kafka instruction for configuration (#4824)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-azure-event-hub.adoc

When I disable data capturing for event hub `sample_event_hub` in namespace `NS-EH` from resource group `RG-EH`
When I enable data capturing for event hub `sample_event_hub` in namespace `NS-EH` from resource group `RG-EH`
----

> == Event Hub for Kafka
> 
> Azure Event Hubs provides an Apache Kafka endpoint on an event hub, which allows users to connect to the event hub using the Kafka protocol.
> During publishing or consuming events, your client is trying to access the Event Hubs resources. These resources can be accessed using an authorized entity.
> Azure Event Hubs provides 2 options for authorizing access to secure resources:
> * OAuth 2.0
> * Shared access signature (SAS)
> 
> For configuration access to Azure Event Hubs with Kafka protocol needed:
> 
> . Add the Event Hub and Kafka dependencies to the project `build.gradle`
> +
> [source,gradle,subs="attributes+"]
> ----
> implementation(group: 'org.vividus', name: 'vividus-plugin-azure-event-hub', version: '{current-version}')
> implementation(group: 'org.vividus', name: 'vividus-plugin-kafka', version: '{current-version}')
> ----
> 
> . Configure xref:plugin-kafka.adoc[Kafka Consumer and Producer] and mechanism of authentication
> 
> .Setup for consumer or produces with OAuth 2.0
> [source,properties]
> ----
> kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.security.protocol=SASL_SSL
> kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.sasl.mechanism=OAUTHBEARER
> kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.sasl.login.callback.handler.class=org.apache.kafka.common.security.oauthbearer.secured.OAuthBearerLoginCallbackHandler
> kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.sasl.oauthbearer.token.endpoint.url=https://login.microsoftonline.com/<azure-tenant-id>/oauth2/v2.0/token
> kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.sasl.jaas.config= \
>   org.apache.kafka.common.security.oauthbearer.OAuthBearerLoginModule required \
>     clientId='<azure-client-id>' \
>     scope='https://<azure-event-hub-namespace>.servicebus.windows.net/.default' \
>     clientSecret='<azure-client-secret>';
> ----
> 
> .Setup for consumer or produces with SAS
> [source,properties]
> ----
> kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.security.protocol=SASL_SSL
> kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.sasl.mechanism=PLAIN
> kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.sasl.jaas.config=org.apache.kafka.common.security.plain.PlainLoginModule required username="$ConnectionString" password="Endpoint=sb://<azure-event-hub-url>/;SharedAccessKeyName=<shared-access-key-name>;SharedAccessKey=<shared-access-key>";
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Azure Event Hub for Apache Kafka

Azure Event Hubs provides an Apache Kafka endpoint on an event hub, which allows users to connect to the event hub using the Kafka protocol. To achieve this, the following steps should be performed.

. Add the Event Hub and Kafka plugins to the project `build.gradle`
+
[source,gradle,subs="attributes+"]
----
implementation(group: 'org.vividus', name: 'vividus-plugin-azure-event-hub')
implementation(group: 'org.vividus', name: 'vividus-plugin-kafka')
----

. Configure authentication for xref:plugin-kafka.adoc[Kafka Consumer or/and Producer].
+
During publishing or consuming the Kafka client is trying to access the Event Hubs resources. These resources can be accessed only using an authorized entity.
Azure Event Hubs provides 2 options to authorize access to the secure resources:
+
* OAuth 2.0
+
.Configure consumer or producer to use OAuth 2.0
[source,properties]
----
kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.security.protocol=SASL_SSL
kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.sasl.mechanism=OAUTHBEARER
kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.sasl.login.callback.handler.class=org.apache.kafka.common.security.oauthbearer.secured.OAuthBearerLoginCallbackHandler
kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.sasl.oauthbearer.token.endpoint.url=https://login.microsoftonline.com/<azure-tenant-id>/oauth2/v2.0/token
kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.sasl.jaas.config= \
  org.apache.kafka.common.security.oauthbearer.OAuthBearerLoginModule required \
    clientId='<azure-client-id>' \
    scope='https://<azure-event-hub-namespace>.servicebus.windows.net/.default' \
    clientSecret='<azure-client-secret>';
----
+
* Shared access signature (SAS)
+
.Configure consumer or producer to use SAS
[source,properties]
----
kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.security.protocol=SASL_SSL
kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.sasl.mechanism=PLAIN
kafka.<consumer/producer>.<consumer-or-producer-key>.sasl.jaas.config=org.apache.kafka.common.security.plain.PlainLoginModule required username="$ConnectionString" password="Endpoint=sb://<azure-event-hub-url>/;SharedAccessKeyName=<shared-access-key-name>;SharedAccessKey=<shared-access-key>";
----
```
